near the summit the trail narrows and
ruffins rocky it's not as much traffic
this bar up I've seen at least a dozen
hikers but there will be fewer here well
I made it to the top very tired and
thirsty and good and ready for my water
it is now that I finally drink
ah
this is the same bottle I drink at work
very hungry too the first time I felt my
hunger Wow mountain hiking and the view
here is amazing this here is a special
pull on the very summit you look through
the tunnels on that you can see
important landmarks out there and next
I'll show you the view if you're not
used to it you're gonna have a bit of
vertigo with your feet on the ground
which is a paradox this rocky outcrop is
very summit
by the way it's 330 p.m. it took me over
a hundred minutes this time
trail to the right leads to Aloni
College in the trail to the left leads
to stanton avenue where i came from or
stanton road it's a rather scary thought
to go down the wrong path by mistake end
up miles from my car exhausted but
realistic way how stupid would I have to
be the squirrel less afraid squirrel
usually they're a little more wary than
that resting on the third bench now one
thing I forgot to mention at the
beginning is one good requirement is the
right shoes with high traction good
mountain hiking shoes you don't want to
wear smooth soul tennis shoes because
the walk down is treacherous all the way
you have to worry about slipping and
falling every single step of the way
takes a long time to hike up because of
gravity a long way down because of
instability this is the second bench by
the way this is by the first bench
another scary thought is to be caught in
a grass fire unlikely oh that was
tiresome it's the next day and I still
feel it I'm happy it's too bad the
battery died or else there'd be a scene
of me having an entire family meal at
boston market i ate more than I normally
can I gotta tell you that mountain is
all full of squirrels like a fleas on a
dog's back I like squirrels I fancy they
might evolve into the next intelligent
people although maybe not those ones in
the end mostly what I have to say is
that hiking up mission peak is all about
preparation and patience don't even
expect to make it the first time it's
not like flatland hiking you're using
different muscles you'll tire quickly
for that reason it takes multiple tries
to really get used to it
and get strong for it above all you have
to pace yourself don't go too quickly or
you'll just tire out it's not like
running up a flight of stairs into a
building you have to take a long time to
secede i'm mr. vanilla caramel and you
just watched me hike a mountain
you